Q1.1
A primary key is a unique single identifier for each record in a database table. 
Primary keys are used to ensure that a specific row or record in a table 
can be easily retrieved and identified.

A foreign key is a reference to a primary key from another table, the purpose 
being to link tables and referring to data in another table.

Q1.2
'Finally' in Python exception handling functions as the final statement after 'try',
'except' and 'else'. The code block after 'finally' will execute even if an exception 
is not raised.

'Finally' could be used to close a connection to a database, after opening a connection, 
checking for exceptions, and retrieving data.

Q1.3
In git, commit is used to save changes in the local repo from the staging area. 
A push in git is when you push changes up from your local repo or machine to 
the remote repo, for example GitHub, so you can collaborate with others.

Q1.4
Null is a special value that represents the absence of something or 'nothing'.
Undefined means that the variable has not been assigned a value.

Q1.5
One example of an API is the Open Weather Map API which functions to retrieve 
current weather data from somewhere in the world. The user specifies the location, 
using, for example city name, city id, or coordinates, to make the call (HTTP GET). 
The API responds with a range of data on current weather conditions, such as 
temperature, humidity, sea level or wind speed.

Another example of an API is the Twitter API which allows the user to retrieve
data from Twitter, for example tweets and user profiles. The API also allows
HTTP POST requests to post a tweet from a Twitter account.

Q1.6
The Product Owner in Agile development does the following tasks:
1. Manages and optimises the product backlog (tasks for the development team)
2. Defines and prioritises user requirements
3. Defines user stories (software features from the perspectives of end users)
4. Communicate product vision, goals and requirements to product team

Q1.7
An INNER JOIN joins two tables and returns the rows when there is at least one 
match in both tables, depending on the join condition. For example, you might execute
an inner join when you have a table of students and a table of classes, and you
want to retrieve the list of students enrolled in a particular class.

An OUTER JOIN joins all records from two tables. This might be used to retrieve all
customer orders from a database that has a table for customers and a table for 
orders. It is a combination of a LEFT and RIGHT JOIN.

Q1.8
Mutable data are objects in Python that can be changed after they have been created.
For example, a list of ages is a mutable data type and can be changed.

Immutable data are objects in Python that cannot be changed after they have been created.
For example, a tuple of favourite colours is a immutable data type and stays the same 
after it is created.

Q1.9
Synchronous functions work sequentially so code is executed in a order, one block after 
the other.

Asynchronous functions allow code to execute at different times so that the blocks of 
code do not rely on one another to execute.

Q1.10
1. Agile works in flexible cycles of iterations, whereas waterfall is sequential and follows a 
    step-by-step plan.
2. Agile seeks feedback from stakeholders during the project, whereas waterfall gets feedback 
    at the end.
3. Agile requires constant risk assessment and testing, whereas waterfall requires heavy 
    planning and documentation at the beginning of a project.
4. Agile assesses user requirements as they shift and move during the project, whereas waterfall
    defines user requirements at the beginning.

